Paper Title: Raha: A Configuration-Free Error Detection System

1. Overall Rating
[ ] Strong Accept
[ ] Accept
[x] Weak Accept
[ ] Weak Reject
[ ] Reject


2. Primary Focus
[x] Theory
[ ] Algorithmic Improvement
[ ] Systems
[x] Implementation
[ ] Empirical Evaluation


3. Novelty
[ ] High
[x] Medium
[ ] Low


4. Technical Depth
[ ] High
[x] Medium
[ ] Low


5. Presentation
[ ] Very good
[x] Adequate
[ ] Not good


6. Reviewer Confidence
[ ] High
[x] Medium
[ ] Low


7. Justification of Decision (one paragraph)

This paper presents a comprehensive, configuration-free, semi-supervised error-detection algorithm. In a way, the algorithm attempts to learn "representations" of each data cell, and clusters data with the same representation together. The fundamental idea is that, two data cells within the same cluster should be either both errors, or both not errors. These representations are simply binary outputs (0 or 1) after a large set of running error detection strategies (e.g. histogram thresholding). After clusters are formed, users are asked to classify one data label per cluster, and other data cells in the same cluster get classified the same way. Lastly, the algorithm can use these user propagated cells to train a classification model, and use the trained models to predict the labels of the remaining data cells. Overall, I don't find this approach to be very novel. Specifically, instead of configuration-free, this is more of an "all configuration" approach. The paper does not specifically say how large the feature vector could get, but it's reasonable to assume that this could easily blow up. Also, the assumption that data cells within the same cluster are similar is not backed up in the paper.


8. Detailed comments (please number each comment) 

- Exactly how large would each feature vector be?
- How could this algorithm be adapted to CFDs?
- Would this algorithm be able to tackle the "uniqueness" problem?