# Review

Paper Title: Conditional Functional Dependencies for Data Cleaning

1. Overall Rating
[ ] Strong Accept
[x] Accept
[ ] Weak Accept
[ ] Weak Reject
[ ] Reject


2. Primary Focus
[x] Theory
[ ] Algorithmic Improvement
[ ] Systems
[x] Implementation
[ ] Empirical Evaluation


3. Novelty
[x] High
[ ] Medium
[ ] Low


4. Technical Depth
[x] High
[ ] Medium
[ ] Low


5. Presentation
[ ] Very good
[x] Adequate
[ ] Not good


6. Reviewer Confidence
[ ] High
[x] Medium
[ ] Low


7. Justification of Decision (one paragraph)

This paper introduces Conditional Functional Dependencies (CFDs), outlines its similarities and differences with the traditional Functional Dependencies (FDs), notes challenges (e.g., inconsistencies between CFDs) and ways to solve them, develops a set of SQL queries to detect CFD violations, and conducts an experimental evaluation using real-life and synthesized tax records. The paper used sufficient amount of illustrations and tables to support its examples, however the notations are somewhat confusing (e.g., "don't care" is represented by @) and there should be more verbal explanation for each occurrence complex set of notations. The paper shows 8 axioms for CFDs, and goes in great length to discuss each of them. It also presents an algorithm to find the minimum cover among the consistent CFDs, and a set of detailed SQL queries to discover CFD violations. Overall, the idea that this paper presents is novel, with concrete rationales and details for implementations, so my final rating is "accept".


8. Detailed comments (please number each comment)

- In Theorem 3.2, it says that the consistency can of a set of CFDs can be defined in polynomial time if either the schema R is predefined, or no attributes in the CFDs have a finite domain. How would having finite domains prevents consistency from being able to be determined in polynomial time? Same is true for Theorem 3.5

# Notes

- Two parts
  - $X \rightarrow Y$ (embedded FD)
  - $T_p$ (pattern tableau)
- Pattern tableau
  - Values either a constant, or '-' (any value in the domain)
- Matching tuples & CFDs
- R is almost always fixed, so quadratic consistency check is almost always possible
- Inference system is needed to spot violations!
- If $\phi$ can be derived by a system of CFD, then it must be consistent with the CFDs. However, if it can't, we don't know if $\phi$ is garbage or not
- Extension: probabilistic conditional? Outlier detection?