Paper Title: Holistic Data Cleaning: Putting Violations Into Context

1. Overall Rating
[X] Strong Accept
[ ] Accept
[ ] Weak Accept
[ ] Weak Reject
[ ] Reject


2. Primary Focus
[ ] Theory
[X] Algorithmic Improvement
[X] Systems
[X] Implementation
[X] Empirical Evaluation


3. Novelty
[X] High
[ ] Medium
[ ] Low


4. Technical Depth
[X] High
[ ] Medium
[ ] Low


5. Presentation
[X] Very good
[ ] Adequate
[ ] Not good


6. Reviewer Confidence
[X] High
[ ] Medium
[ ] Low


7. Justification of Decision (one paragraph)

This paper presents a unified framework that uses conflict hypergraph to combine multiple (types) of Denial Constraints (DC) together, as well as automatic reparing using Repari Context (RC). It is novel in the sense that, not only does it consider multiple types of DCs, it also allows for customized cost model (e.g., minimum number of repairs). Although the construction of hypergraph is not explained in details, it made reference to papers that do. Presentaion is extremely well-done, with detailed examples after every lemma & algorithm. Overall, the framework proposed in this paper is novel and holistic, with lots of potential for future work.


8. Detailed comments (please number each comment) 

- All the the numerical examples use "=", would be good to include some string-based DCs and DCs that use ">=", etc.
- A new version of the CH is created for every loop. Considering this is the most expensive step of this algorithm, would it be possible to not create it from scratch?
- What if a particular DC can never be satisfied? How would the algorithm terminate?
- At which step could we implement human intervention/feedback? Supervised learning?